{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green116\blue0;\red24\green126\blue162;\red234\green234\blue234;
\red111\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue124;\red92\green38\blue153;\red63\green110\blue116;\red46\green13\blue110;
\red28\green0\blue207;\red100\green56\blue32;\red170\green13\blue145;\red196\green26\blue22;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid202\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 August 6, 2012\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Added Sections to 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 STFollowingAdviceTVC.m
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 . Very easy to do with the Haggerty CDTVC. Make sure to 
\f1\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Set attribute name to sectionNameKeyPath
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 . \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}TO DO:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Detail view of a selected vow \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}TIP\
\pard\tx560\tx760\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi720\pardirnatural
\cf0 http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1561554/cocoa-touch-how-do-i-see-if-two-nsdates-are-in-the-same-day\

\f2\fs28 I need to know if two NSDate instances are both from the same day.\
\pard\tx560\tx760\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\fi1420\pardirnatural

\f3 \cf3 \cb4 NSDateFormatter\cf0  *dateComparisonFormatter = [[[\cf3 NSDateFormatter\cf0  alloc] init] autorelease];\
\pard\tx560\tx760\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\fi1420
\cf0 [dateComparisonFormatter setDateFormat:@\cf5 "yyyy-MM-dd"\cf0 ];\
\
\pard\tx560\tx760\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\fi1420
\cf6 if\cf0 ( [[dateComparisonFormatter stringFromDate:firstDate] isEqualToString:[dateComparisonFormatter stringFromDate:secondDate]] ) \{\
\'a0 \'a0 \'85\
\}
\f0\fs24 \cb1  \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b August 7, 2012
\b0 \
Goals: Add a "Entry Days" page, with a "Entry Day" detail. Each detail will have 6 vows. Each newly created day will have its own set of 6 vows, cycling forward according to the rules of the book.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Files added (both header and implementation files)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}STDaysTVC.h/m\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}STDayTVC.h/m\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}STAdviceEntryTVC.h/m\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
August 9, 2012\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Files added NSDate+ST.h/m\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Added category to allow for new factory methods and for quick formatting of dates\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\

\b Sept. 17, 2012\

\b0 Tried to adjust size of a label in a UITableViewCell, but didn't have any luck.\
\

\b Sept. 18, 2012\

\b0 Adjusted size successfully. Made sure to redraw the frame from inside \
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f1\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 - (\cf7 UITableViewCell\cf0  *)tableView:(\cf7 UITableView\cf0  *)tableView cellForRowAtIndexPath:(\cf7 NSIndexPath\cf0  *)indexPath\
			theSixEntryCell.\cf8 guidelineLabel\cf0 .\cf7 frame\cf0 	= \cf9 CGRectMake\cf0 (\cf10 6.0f\cf0 , \cf10 8.0f\cf0 , \cf11 CELL_CONTENT_WIDTH\cf0 , labelHeight);\
			[theSixEntryCell.\cf8 guidelineLabel\cf0  \cf9 setBackgroundColor\cf0 :[\cf7 UIColor\cf0  \cf9 greenColor\cf0 ]];\
\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f4\b \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 19. 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 removed green highlighting\
When I commented out the logic in STLogEntryTimedCell -layoutSubviews, the row heights began to allow themselves to be dynamically resized.\
Seeing that, I'm not sure if I want to see the rows resize, but if I do, I need to handle that \
in a the delegate itself, I think, rather than layoutSubviews.\
If I take it out, then I also need to work on the positioning in the cell. Now that is wonky.\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 20, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 removed green highlighting again\
commented out call to layoutSubviews\
Adjusted positioning of items\
removed in interface builder the auto-height on the UILabels\
removed a strut from the bottom, added it to the top for the timeLabel\
Feel really good about positioning now. Proportions are pretty good. Layout is happening consistently and predictably.\
Moved onto working with BestOfDay and adding a Cell there for "Add a BestOfDay" but having problems.\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 21, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 added new custom LogEntry cells (in xibs) for Special Focus, Best and Words of Day, and Add\
added new custom subclasses for UITableViewCell for those xibs \
running into some errors with loading bundles, but have run out of time.\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 22, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 errors resolved\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 24, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 Manual Segue set up; control-drag from File Owner icon at bottom of the storyboard to the view\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 25, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 Create STLogEntryTVC (little work done)\
\
\

\f4\b \CocoaLigature1 Sept. 26, 2012\

\f1\b0 \CocoaLigature0 add properties to STLogEntryTVC\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f4\b \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 Oct. 1, 2012\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 added multiple manual segues to 4 new TVCs -- changed STLogEntryTVC to STLogEntrySixOfDayTVC.\
news TVCs are for SpecialFocus..., BestOfDay..., WorstOfDay...\
hooked new classes to storyboard TVCs\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f4\b\fs22 \cf0 Oct. 2, 2012\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Added logic to 
\f1\fs22 \CocoaLigature0 - (\cf12 void\cf0 )tableView:(\cf7 UITableView\cf0  *)tableView didSelectRowAtIndexPath:(\cf7 NSIndexPath\cf0  *)indexPath\
Depending on which indexPath.section, I triggered one of the 4 new segues, e.g.\
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural
\cf0 			[\cf12 self\cf0  \cf9 performSegueWithIdentifier\cf0 :\cf13 @"logEntrySixOfDaySegue"\cf0  \cf9 sender\cf0 :\cf12 self\cf0 ];\
The new TVCs don't have a design yet, but I ran the simulator and the segues were all triggered appropriately.\
\
Next: \
- Pass information to the TVCs in the -(\cf12 void\cf0 )prepareForSegue:(\cf7 UIStoryboardSegue\cf0  *)segue sender:(\cf12 id\cf0 )sender\
- Design each of the TVCs\
}